PD-43  TC 2.2 Update the Administration/Settings Article (#1692)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/Administration/Systems.md

Each TrueNAS system listed on the **Systems** screen has an options menu that allows you to edit, delete or modify configuration settings for that system.
Click the <i class="fa fa-ellipsis-v" aria-hidden="true" title="Options"></i> for the system to display the options menu.

![Systems Options Menu](/images/TrueCommand/2.2/SystemScreenSystemActionsMenu.png "Systems Options Menu")

{{< expand "Edit" "v" >}}

> Clicking <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i>  **Edit**  opens a panel on the right of the screen that displays the system setting fields you can edit. After making your changes, click **SAVE CHANGES** to update the system with the new values entered. 

Reviewer: I noticed in the once tabbed setting descriptions, most all appear to start with Click rather than Clicking, so maybe this change for consistency?
```suggestion
Click <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i>  **Edit** to open a panel on the right of the screen that displays the system setting fields you can edit. After making your changes, click **SAVE CHANGES** to update the system with the new values entered. 
```

Click **RESET** to clear the form and reset values to the previously saved settings for the NAS.

![Systems Edit](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsEditSystem.png "Systems Edit")
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Users and Groups" "v" >}}
Click <mat-icon _ngcontent-igf-c221="" role="img" fontset="mdi" class="mat-icon notranslate mdi mdi-account-group mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true" data-mat-icon-type="font" data-mat-icon-name="mdi-account-group" data-mat-icon-namespace="mdi"></mat-icon>  **Users and Groups** to display the list of users or groups for the selected system.

![Systems Users and Groups](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsUsersAndGroups.png "Systems Users and Groups")
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Update" "v" >}}
If the system has **Available** in the **Updates** column, it has system updates ready to apply.

> Click <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Update">update</i>  **Update** on the option menu to open a dialog window with information on the update. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Update">update</i> **Update** on the option menu to open a dialog window with information on the update. 
```

Check the **Confirm** box, then click **OK** to update the system.   
Click **CANCEL** to close the window without updating.

![Systems Update](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsUpdateNAS.png "Systems Update")
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Launch TrueNAS Interface" "v" >}}
Use <mat-icon _ngcontent-igf-c221="" role="img" fontset="mdi" class="mat-icon notranslate mdi mdi-monitor-screenshot mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true" data-mat-icon-type="font" data-mat-icon-name="mdi-monitor-screenshot" data-mat-icon-namespace="mdi"></mat-icon> **Launch TrueNAS Interface** to open a new browser tab with the TrueNAS dashboard for the system selected on the **System** screen.  
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "iSCSI Volumes" "v" >}}

> If a system is configures with iSCSI volumes, click <mat-icon role="img" fontset="mdi" fonticon="mdi-database" class="mat-icon mdi mdi-database mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true"></mat-icon> **iSCSI Volumes** to displays the iSCSI volumes page for the selected server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a system is configured with iSCSI volumes, click <mat-icon role="img" fontset="mdi" fonticon="mdi-database" class="mat-icon mdi mdi-database mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true"></mat-icon> **iSCSI Volumes** to open the iSCSI volumes page for the selected server.
```

![Systems iSCSI Volumes](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsiSCSIoption.png "Systems iSCSI Volumes")
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Services" "v" >}}

> Click <mat-icon _ngcontent-igf-c221="" role="img" fontset="mdi" class="mat-icon notranslate mdi mdi-toolbox-outline mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true" data-mat-icon-type="font" data-mat-icon-name="mdi-toolbox-outline" data-mat-icon-namespace="mdi"></mat-icon> **Services**to display the **Services** window with a list of services running or stopped for the selected system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click <mat-icon _ngcontent-igf-c221="" role="img" fontset="mdi" class="mat-icon notranslate mdi mdi-toolbox-outline mat-icon-no-color" aria-hidden="true" data-mat-icon-type="font" data-mat-icon-name="mdi-toolbox-outline" data-mat-icon-namespace="mdi"></mat-icon> **Services** to display the **Services** window with a list of services running or stopped for the selected system. 
```

The options for services are adding it to start on boot-up, stopping, or starting/restarting. 

> Click the **START ON BOOT** checkbox to add the selection to the services started at boot-up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select**START ON BOOT** to add the selection to the services started at boot-up. 
```

Click the stop icon <i class="fa fa-stop" aria-hidden="true" title="stop"></i> to stop a running service. 
Click the start/restart icon <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Refresh">refresh</i> to start a stopped service. 

![Systems Services](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsServicesOption.png "Systems Services")
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Config Backups" "v" >}}

> Click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:database-refresh"></span>  **Config Backups** to display the **Config Backups** window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:database-refresh"></span> **Config Backups** opens the **Config Backups** window.
```

![SystemsConfigBackups](/images/TrueCommand/2.2/SystemsConfigBackups.png "Systems Config Backups")

Click **CREATE BACKUP** to create a new backup of the system configuration.

Click <span class="iconify" data-icon="ic:file-download"></span> (**Download**) next to a listed config to download that config locally.

Click <span class="iconify" data-icon="ic:round-restore"></span> next to a listed config to restore the system to that configuration. 

Click <span class="iconify" data-icon="mdi:trash"></span> next to a listed config to delete it.

If you want to delete config backups in bulk, click the checkbox next to each config you want to delete, then click **DELETE SELECTED**.
{{< /expand >}}

{{< expand "Delete" "v" >}}

> Clicking <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i>  **Delete** displays a popup window to confirm you want to delete a selected system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i>  **Delete** to open a popup window where you confirm you want to delete a selected system.
```

Each group has two management options:

{{< expand "Edit" "v" >}}

> Clicking the edit button <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i> opens a side bar menu.  You can make adjustments to the Group in this manner.  Add or remove systems from the group by using the **Add System** button or the remove <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button.  Click **Save Changes** when finished with your changes to update the group to the new group settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the edit button <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i> opens a side bar menu. You can make adjustments to the group in this manner.  Add or remove systems from the group by using the **Add System** button or the remove <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button.  Click **Save Changes** when finished with your changes to update the group to the new group settings.
```

![Groups Edit](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemsGroupsEditGroup.png "Groups Edit")

{{< /expand >}}
{{< expand "Delete" "v" >}}

> Clicking the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button displayss a popup confirmation box to delete a group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button to open a popup confirmation box to delete a group. 
```

> Clicking the edit button <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i> opens a sidebar menu. You can make adjustments to the Group in this manner. Add or remove systems from the group by using the **Add System** button or the remove <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button. Click **Save Changes** when finished with your changes to update the group to the new group settings.

Reviewer: if talking specifically about the UI screen name then capitalize it and use bold, otherwise it is lower case.
```suggestion
Clicking the edit button <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Configure">edit</i> opens a sidebar menu. You can make adjustments to the group in this manner. Add or remove systems from the group by using the **Add System** button or the remove <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Delete">delete</i> button. Click **Save Changes** when finished with your changes to update the group to the new group settings.
```
